release: v1.50.0 (#5556)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_bnjjj_fix_5448.md

> ### Fix events when trace is not sampled, and keep event attribute types ([PR #5464](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5464))
> 
> Several fixes about events:
> 
> + Keep original attribute type and not convert it to string (also perf improvement)
> + Use `http.response.body.size`  and `http.request.body.size` as a number and not a string
> + Display custom event attributes even if the trace is not sampled 
> 
> 
> 
> > :warning: If you had some monitoring enabled on your logs please be cautious because with these changes, now instead of having for example an attribute like `http.response.status_code = "200"` it will be `http.response.status_code = 200` the 200 code will be a number and not a string anymore. That's an example. Same for `http.request|response.body.size` attribute

Reviewer: cc @bnjjj 
```suggestion
### Fix telemetry events when trace isn't sampled and preserve attribute types ([PR #5464](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5464))

Improves accuracy and performance of event telemetry by:

- Displaying custom event attributes even if the trace is not sampled 
- Preserving original attribute type instead of converting it to string
- Ensuring `http.response.body.size` and `http.request.body.size` attributes are treated as numbers, not strings

> :warning: Exercise caution if you have monitoring enabled on your logs, as attribute types may have changed. For example, attributes like `http.response.status_code` are now numbers (`200`) instead of strings (`"200"`). 
```
